what's going on Disney fans I'm Mitch
seratonin today we're taking a look at
hooks battle boat today we're taking a
look at a jake and the neverland pirates
little playset here from Disney this is
a fisher-price toy it's not an Imaginext
toy but it is fisher-price so it's fun
in the fisher-price Isle maybe sometimes
in the Disney Isle but this is what you
get you get a little cannon that work
she get a little hook that poses and
he's on his little boat so let's get him
out of this package and mess with it
shall we
alright before we look at the hooks
battle boat let's look at hook hook is
very nice I love the Hat on him and he's
got some pose ability but not quite as
much as the Imaginext
style figures do he arms go up and down
he doesn't have any really pose ability
in his hook and everything is very soft
and rubbery here on him he doesn't have
waist articulation because that can spin
but that's really it everything again
you know everything's really soft you're
not gonna get hurt playing with these
things they're big enough not to choke
on but I wouldn't put it in your mouth
but here is hook looking very nice and
his little red ensemble oh let's check
out the battle boat a battle boat looks
fantastic it's got a nice black sail
it's got the little captain hook pirate
thing you can spin the sail around to
make room for some more dudes up here
that cannon does come off and the cannon
is very soft as well the whole thing is
like a rubbery I don't know if you can
see that but I'm kind of smooshing it
all around here there's a little trigger
here you can fire a missile old baby and
it fires far now you can take these
these are actually like little storage
for more missiles so you can store them
on the boat and not lose them keep
wanting a little tic TOCs mouth over
here and just keep firing them away at
will baby awesome you'll also notice on
the deck there is a little post hole
there a little peg you got a port here
on hooks foot so you can hook them in
there and he stands there all sturdy
like now what I find to be very cool
about this little boat here
this little battle boat here is that
it's got three wheels they're a little
bit rubbery here on the bottom so
they'll they'll grip something like a
slicker surface but this wheel is not on
center actually it's off a little bit
it's almost like a cam so as you can see
it's kind of going up and down well when
you roll them across your table here it
makes it look like he's on the waves all
right one more time across the screen
without my hands in the way on rough
waters that was too rough I better hold
it and just do it people that's gonna
wrap up this review of hooks battle boat
place that awesome little playset now
I've got the bigger playsets - some more
jake and the neverland pirates stuff the
guys are into that I got some monsters
University stuff I've even got some new
frozen stuff from the new movie coming
out so I've got a lot of things on this
channel stay tuned take care have fun
enjoy your Disney toys please subscribe
I love it
I'll see you guys